Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining us again today.
We're going to go over
some things some people have had
questions concerning our ministry
and why we're named what we're named and
all things like that. So, we want to
clear some things up because we've had
some emails. Some are not so nice.
People are pretty upset about things
being, you know, sister clipboards
or
whatever you want to call them because
they don't understand. But Diana wants
to explain the foundation part of our
name.
We are not a foundation, for sure.
I want you to know that we are not a
foundation. We picked the name
because prayer is a foundation,
but we're an online church, and
so the Prayer Changes Things Foundation
is an online church if you see that in
the description that we put in there.
We have weekly online
services, and so under US federal law,
churches are automatically recognized as
tax-exempt
under section 501(c)(3) of the
IRS
and are not required to apply for formal
recognition. So, we have an EIN and all
of that, but we don't have to do
what
some of the more... like Joseph Z's
ministry has a board and all. There
are
more
requirements and stuff that they all do,
but churches are also specifically
exempt from the Form 990 filing
requirement under
the Internal Revenue Code 6033A
3 AI.
So, everything we've done—I want
to say this because people want to know
because
it's tax
season—everything
we have done, we have
gone
through lawyers. We have
through
people that have set it up that have
been professional. My wife
has a Master's degree in
accounting. So, a lot of times you say,
'Well, Brandon, how come Diana is not on
the broadcast today?'I want to tell you
this—and
we don't tell our business to
everybody about
everything—but
she
has a Master's degree in accounting and
in business.
She graduated top of her class. I
was proud of her. I wanted to show her
awards. She got her Summa Cum Laude
awards. She got all her awards from ORU.
She got her degree in
accounting. She is very educated, and
she graduated top of her class as she
got awards and everything.
So, I want you to know a lot of times
it's not that she is trying to avoid
prayer with everybody. Why is Diana not
here? How come she doesn't want to be a
part? She's working a full-time job.
She's very
educated. She's been working at this for
years. And I didn't want her to give up
her career of what she was doing, selling
on eBay and Poshmark and doing the
things that she has done for this. We
don't depend on the ministry for
finances. My wife works full-time.
I do YouTube. We have a ministry
property. The ministry has purchased a
ministry property. That's different. I'm
going to be straight up front with you.
That is totally different. We did buy a
ministry property.
So, it's not shocking and all. When you
have as much coming through, when you
have this many people coming through,
money flows through here. And I'm
going to tell you this: I have never
taken a vow of poverty. I'm not afraid
of what I have. I'm not ashamed of what
I have. I'm going to tell you this: I
was instructed by the FBI
to get a safe haven for me and my family
because I've had threats on my life all
the time on a consistent basis.
Where we were at our old house,
we have people showing up
knocking on our door. And I'm going to
tell you this: when you have
an
audience like we do and the people that
hate us as much as they do,
I
just want to tell you, I
have to protect my family. Now,
we have attorneys. We've had to hire
full-time security. We're having to look
into full-time security to have to watch
over me because of the incidents, but
because of what I've been told by
the
sheriff's department, local law
enforcement, and the FBI, I must
provide protection for my family because
of these threats, and they tell me
they're legitimate. Now, I try to
be as transparent as I can. I try not to
tell where my address is and things like
that because I have people that have
tried to physically hurt me.
So, if you think, 'Well, Brandon, you're
secretive,'you
don't understand Charlie Kirk was real.
Do you understand that? So, when I feel
a need and I feel it in my spirit to
leave and go stay in a hotel that night,
it's because the Lord's warning me to.
I've had crazy people stay at IHOP for
seven
days demanding me to give them a word,
and they thought they had a word, and
they shaved their heads to
look just like me and drive around the
same place as I have. I have nuts follow
us.
And I'm just being quite frank;
I
don't ever talk about it. We
don't
talk about all this stuff, but there's a
lot of emails and there's been a lot of
hate lately about what I do with my
life. And I don't tell you everything
because I'm trying to keep my family
safe,
okay?
There are a lot of people that hate me.
Yes. And you have no idea what happens
behind closed doors and the
conversations that I have strictly with...
Should I say that?
No.
Yeah,
some of the people that I contact are in
direct contact with the President of the
United States of America.
The messages that I deliver are
received by the White House.
I've told you I have been
invited to the White House more than
once,
and I have turned it down every single
time.
I'm trying to tell you all, I don't
try to come on here and be all haughty
and say, 'Look at me.'It's not about
Brandon. But people look at accuracy,
and whenever they see things that you
don't know that they know and they say,
'How did you find this out?'So they
say, 'How did you know this?'I've been
asked that many times. 'How did you know
this? Do you have somebody on
the inside?'I
said, 'No, it's all
Jesus.'And
I have to explain to law enforcement
quite often.
I want you to know I do this all for
Him.
I told you as soon as He tells me to
turn this channel off, I'll ride away in
the sunset.
There's nothing you can give me,
honest to God, that my wife
hasn't
worked eight years for a degree
and is very good at it. The same
with me;
I could do other things to help out
around the house. I
raised dogs. I raised all these
things.
We did this because the Lord asked us to do
it. Yes. And it hasn't been easy. It
hasn't been easy. And there's people
that
say I'm a false prophet. You say I'm
fake. I'm all these things. That's on
you. I don't care what you really think.
Whenever the
rubber meets the road and you see, and
I'm standing before my King, I'll be
held accountable by Him. If I've
led
anybody astray by any words I give, I
take it
very seriously. This is
a very heavy
responsibility.
Nobody will understand the pressure that
I'm under on a 99% basis and crying
myself to sleep because of the
pressure.
I want you to understand. We come back
on here with a smile on our face.
I'm always transparent. I don't
tell you where I live on purpose because
there are crazy people trying to hurt
me.
Do you understand? Now, people want to
try to expose me and say, 'Hey, this is
where he's at. This is where he's
at.'I
have to buy another house. I have to do
this. I have to get away. Hey, listen. I
have... the Lord has blessed my wife. We're
blessed.
So, like I said, I'm not trying to take
anything
from you all.
If you want to
bless my family, that's on you.
That's on you. But like I said, the Lord
said go on YouTube and ask them for
nothing. Nothing.
And over the... it's like one of the
things I want to say this. When XRP was at
12 cents—and
I'll say this, this is the only
thing—I
was buying.
He tells me when to buy
and he tells me when to sell.
He tells me when silver's going up. He
tells me when it crashes.
I hear him very well,
but I don't brag and I don't try to
flex.
People see it around the church and
people get mad and they get jealous.
Everything that I'm telling you
is the truth, but I'm transparent about
it.
We're very transparent.
I have nothing to hide from you. I have
nothing to gain from you. I do these
videos and I do all this for the
glory of God. So, I wanted to make that
very clear tonight. There's people that
are very angry and I've gotten the
emails and I say, 'Hey, man.
We never asked you for a dime.
I've never tried to solicit
you. I don't sell books. I don't try to
sell books.'I have been offered
to put ads—like to make an ad
on
live—$100,000
a month to do
ads and do things for this one company.
And I told them no.
The Lord said no.
All I had to do was just do a little
segment
and put it on all my channels throughout
all the world. I have seven
channels—eight
now.
Put them on all those channels at the
beginning
for just a two-minute segment and
they
give me $100,000 a
month.
My flesh wanted to take that money. I'm
not going to lie to
you. I was like, 'That's over a
million dollars a year. Of course, we'll
do it.'And Diana goes, 'You took a vow
to God.
You
will not take that money. We will not
take that money.'Then
I had a businessman fly in from
Japan
who
told me he would let me fly around in his
private jet for free
and give me
hundreds of thousands of dollars to be
his friend and give him
financial advice and things. I do not
give financial advice to
anyone.
We fear God more than people
realize.
They don't know us.
It is everything.
This life
goes away. But when we get
to heaven,
a lot of people put so much into
what they feel like they can do on
earth. But it's really about what we can
do. What we are doing now is affecting
our eternity for the kingdom.
And I take it very seriously, very, very
seriously, to work for the Lord, to do
what we're doing. And I'm behind the
scenes
just doing what I've done
for years, just doing my eBay and
Poshmark.
Done this for a long time—at least a
decade. Over a decade.
So, and taxes, things that you can do.
You do understand when you have a
master's degree, why
you don't let it die.
She worked. She went to school
for
forever—over
eight years. And I told her, I
said, 'I'm not asking you to give up
your education to do this. If God
calls you to come beside me, that's
fine, baby. I understand. We don't want
what we've done for years that
has
provided for us to
die.'So,
I want to make that clear.
She homeschools and does the things
that we do. It's a lot. But Diana is a
full-time working person plus
homeschools.
And then she
sends out thank you letters to the
people that have blessed us and
says,
'Listen, she writes every single
one of them out by hand.'She writes it
and she does things
and she goes, 'Brandon, I feel like they
deserve a thank you.'I said, 'Diana,
you don't have time for this.
People—I
just think y'all are so kind.
There's so many people
that just love us and just love what
we're doing for
God.'And
it's all many hands on deck
as we're doing this final push,
as he's coming so soon. And
there's such an urgency of the hour.
I know people say, 'Well,
they've been saying he's going to come
back for so long,'but he is
coming so soon. And I take it very
seriously that I'll take any load I can
off of him
so that he can keep going, so we
can keep going for the Lord. We
do it all for the Lord.
I'd give everything away. It doesn't
matter. Nothing matters to me. It's just
keeping on course and finishing this
race and doing it with
everything we have so that we can stand
before our king and go,
'We did our best we could. I
tried
my
best,'you
know? And I can see, you know, we
believe every day Megan's going to get
healed.
But one day, I know for sure there's
going to be a day—if it's not here,
it's there. So now I have to hire
full-time security
that's going to cost me over $100,000 a
year because I have idiots that want to
know where I live. And I said, 'Well,
I knew it was coming. The Lord told me:
I'm going to make you a household
name.'He
said, 'You're going to be known all
around the world and it's
happening.'And
he said, 'And in doing so, like Oral
Roberts had to have security 24/7 and
other ministries, you will have to
also.'So
I've already looked into it
today. I'm telling you,
it's going to cost me a ton of money,
but it is what it is, and it's part of
the price of doing what God's called me
to do. So, I'll have an armed guard
continually at my home.
That sucks, but it is what it is.
And he'll travel with me to services
so maybe I'll start going to other
people's ministries because I'll have
security now.
You know, I thought I
could
start taking preaching
engagements and not have to worry if the
church has security anymore because
I'll have
somebody—ex-military
is what I'm looking into.
And having this ex-military
24/7, seven days a week around me and my
wife and my kids because of the threats
I get.
So,
I appreciate your prayers. I truly
do.
It has been very hard.
I never knew
some of the things that I would say
would bring up so much hatred
by so many different groups of people
that
are not playing around when it comes to
your life.
I didn't realize, you know, when
you see politicians get their
lives threatened and
you see John Hagee in the
past—the
guy missed him six times,
shooting at him and all the things.
This stuff's real. Charlie Kirk's real.
And there comes a point in time where
the world doesn't understand the value
of life
and just having a man just doing what
he's called to do, praying online with
thousands and hundreds of thousands
every time I do this—hundreds of
thousands of people worldwide.
This is so much more than I ever
dreamed:
the pressure and the responsibility of
it.
Making sure you're not flaky and making
sure you're accurate
so that you represent him well.
And the week that we've had and the last
two weeks we've had,
it
has been really rough.
But I give all glory and honor
because he said you'll be persecuted for
the word's sake. And then he warned me. He said, 'The one person who's persecuting you, Brandon, will be dead within 16 months.'And he warned me about it. And I said, 'Lord, spare their life. Protect them. Protect them.'He said they've opened a door and because of this door, they're going to be gone in 16 months. And I don't know what
that means, but I've been interceding for them all day long. Praying for these people, praying for the people who persecute. Like I said, we love you. We forgive people. We're not holding a grudge towards anyone. We have a child with special needs. We do all these things and Diana, like I said, works her tail end off.
I'm thankful for all the people who
like, subscribe, click the notification
bell, and I'm thankful for YouTube. They
pay me well
for all the ads
and it's been, like I said,
I do that and I go, 'Hey, man,
Lord, you've taken care of
things.'It
is what it is. I have seven channels.
Each one gets
tens of thousands of views.
It's all because he's blessed it.
And
when we got monetized on X, I was
shocked. And
when
it's time for us to go off YouTube, if
he ever tells us to, when I was
monetized on Facebook and X, I was
shocked. I really was because it takes a
lot to get monetized on X.
It's hard.
But he pays me every month
now—Elon.
And I go, 'Hey, it's all glory to
God.'"I'm
just being transparent with
you."It
is what it is.
I just wanted to be very
upfront with everybody
because I truly have nothing to
hide. I hide things from you, like a
house or whatever, for the protection of my
kids
because of the threats I've had on my
life.
Other than that, if I didn't have kids,
I'd
put it all up. I don't care.
You can come to my house and have tea; I
have nothing to hide. We work our
rears off.
Come over and have a glass of tea. But
when you have crazies coming up in here
saying, "Hey, we have guns
and we want to hurt
you,"you
go, "Well, that's probably not a
good
idea."So
now I have to have security.
God bless it,
I don't want people around my wife and
me all the time. I'm very private, and
having a bodyguard is going to be very
awkward.
But as of this week, things have
changed,
so we have to have a bodyguard.
We appreciate y'all. We really do. We
love you.
So, let's pray. Now, how was
that?
I tried to clear it up and be
as transparent as I could tonight because of
the emails we've gotten today over the
last couple of days.
That's where you go for that.
Let's see some of the things we've
had in the news. I
wanted you to show me about
another
thing people say: "Why do you
have this?"This is for entertainment
purposes only because I was instructed
to by my attorney.
Anything I say is for entertainment
purposes only.
He said you have to put that
underneath there.
Bo Polny and all these other people
have it on there, and he showed me.
I have three attorneys.
They all say the same thing, so I do
exactly what I've been told to do. Is
that what
people want to say? "Well, are you doing
it for entertainment or is this prophetic?"Brother,
it is
what I was
instructed to do
by law. There are crazy people out there.
So just letting you know. I mean, I
try, like I said—why do you have
certain things? Why do you do this? Why
do you do that? This is it. This is
real.
But I wanted to show you her awards
and that Diana is a
hardworking
person;
she has her master's.
And so,
like I said, I'm never going to
apologize for what we
have—our
cars,
anything—never,
because we work our rears off for it.
Look at this right here; I want to show
you these earthquakes. Do you see this?
The FBI warns police in California that
Iran wants to retaliate for US attacks
by launching drones against the West
Coast. According to an alert viewed by
ABC,
this is exactly what I tried to tell you
all. They were going to use drones;
I've said it over and over. Every
single time I see the drones coming
into
the stadiums in
baseball, they had explosive devices
on these drones and
they ignited them.
This is exactly what I saw: drones,
but they were from Amazon.
Number two,
what the Lord showed us: this right here
is Italy,
and these
are
the earthquakes that have
happened just in the month of
March. Look at where they all were.
A very strong magnitude 6.0 earthquake
struck near Naples, Italy, shortly after
midnight on March 10th, 2026. This is
the strongest earthquake to hit this
part of Italy in more than 63 years. The
last quake of equal or greater strength
near the same area was a magnitude 7.0
earthquake on March 28th, 1963.
See that? They're bubbling all around
Italy. And the Lord said specifically,
even in the last video,
"Remember,
this is what the Lord showed us clear
back then."Go back and
watch.
Can we watch that video again? "A very
strong magnitude 6.0 earthquake struck
near Naples, Italy, shortly after
midnight
on March 10th, 2026. This is the
strongest earthquake to hit this part of
Italy in more than 63 years. The last
quake of equal or greater strength near
the same area was a magnitude 7.0
earthquake on March 28th,
1963."That's
what the Lord warned us
was going to start to manifest all
over Italy.
And the Lord said, "Before the big one
in the
water"—and
if we look at what we saw
coming out of the water,
I saw over 300,000 people will perish on
the coastline.
He said, "I'll give signs that the
earthquakes take place right before all
of it starts to break forth.
There'll be a lot of little tremors.
It'll get very active."And that was in
the video last time, so Braden brought
it out. Now, when I
told you I saw—not financial
advice—a
certain figure of what
they would try to get to concerning a
barrel of oil.
The Lord said I saw it breaking
$100.
It would go to $150 in
the vision.
In my opinion, it went
to 150 and teetered
almost to 200 bucks. It didn't
break it, but it got really close.
It started to shoot up. And the
Lord said,
"It doesn't last very long. This
assignment and all that is going on
with the Strait doesn't last very
long.
It only lasts for a
window."And
then you'll hear President Trump
come out with a plan
in the future
where
he'll say, "Drill, baby,
drill."They'll
say there's oil in the
Mediterranean outside of Gaza,
and Israel will
start to drill oil in Gaza and
the area, and they will
bring forth a lot of money. I saw a
pocket of oil that was strategically
placed there by the Lord with oil and
gas.
I saw that gas would go well over
$8
a gallon.
It
would
shoot up like a rocket.
So now we see this joker,
whoever this guy
is—he's
from Iran.
Play this video.
"$200 a barrel of oil because the price of
oil depends..."I'll read the
subtitles
as it comes across the
screen.
"You must understand that you will not be
able to artificially lower the price of
oil and energy with the expansion of
war in the region. We have announced
that you should prepare for $200 per
barrel because the price of oil depends
on security in the region and you are
the source of
insecurity."The
Iranians
obviously want it. Isn't that
interesting? They want $200 a barrel.
But I saw Israel attacking all of their
oil wells
and that they would cause great havoc in
the Hormuz, whatever it's called,
in
the
Strait.
And today
they struck oil tankers.
This is what I saw.
I saw in the vision
that they would halt
shipments
coming out of that area because
insurance companies
would be freaked out and say,
"Listen, we're going to hold off on
shipping things right
now."Well,
today they're blowing up the oil
tankers
and
putting water
mines out there.
It's happening
just like the Lord said. Now, I saw
gas lines. I saw the 1970s
gas shortage happen
suddenly, and people would wake up one
morning, and in certain
states—I'm
not saying it's
nationwide—there
would be gas lines
over a mile or two miles
long.
Then the Lord said,
"Pray over
our oil
and
gas
factories."President
Trump stuns
the world by announcing a $300
billion
deal. For the first time in 50 years, we
are opening a US oil refinery. Drill,
baby, drill. That's what the Lord
said. Drill, baby, drill. And I saw a
great wealth coming out of
this. And this is concerning
Venezuela and other nations in the days
ahead.
You want me to read that? No. Okay.
I think it's interesting.
You know, here we are with all these
things coming to pass, and we've been
talking about it for well over a
year now,
praying over this, and we see it in
the news now. What the Lord showed
us
it will be
in Brownsville, Texas.
So, I saw to pray over Tuttle, Oklahoma.
I saw to pray over Louisiana.
This has been going on. When was the
last—how
long was that? Two weeks ago
when the Lord showed us to pray over
that, and I saw seven men perish. The
shock wave
was so big, and they made
it look like it was an accident, but
I saw this event taking place.
I don't think
you were in here that night.
Yeah,
I was. You were.
I saw a major event.
It was on March the 8th.
March the 8th. I saw Louisiana, Tuttle,
and Houston oil refineries, that they
were a target. Remember that? So,
we see
Iran threatening all these things. Now,
this is California today. Now, that
doesn't surprise me because Gavin Newsom's
nuts, but $8.21
a gallon for regular unleaded.
Now, when we start seeing that in
Oklahoma, what if we do? I pray we
don't. Or Texas. What will that be like?
People are going to be upset. I think California
is
kind of used to it.
But that's a lot of money for a gallon
of gas in California.
Eight bucks—you ain't driving around
praying over your city that much for
that. We're going to make one lap.
We'll pray a little bit. Here we go.
We're going to go home and pray.
Believe God for more.
No SUV for that.
We need the electric car now. Yeah, Elon
Musk, where you at?
And
get a CyberTruck.
But we see that. And then President Trump
said about the terrorists in
the nation. He said
that—I
want to see you sent that to me—but baby,
yes.
Do you have it?
Do you want me to send it back to you?
Did you send it to me on your laptop,
son? Yeah, I thought it was my laptop. Yes,
it was on your laptop. You sent it to me
and you said, 'Daddy, I want you to see
this.'What
President Trump said tonight?
Isn't Braden awesome? He tries hard. He
got him a new camera. He's been
practicing. He's trying so hard. He's
been taking his classes, learning how to
do photography.
He said he enjoyed his last class. He
went for
half an afternoon, learned quite a bit.
He said
the guy who taught
him was
really educated.
So yeah, I got him a camera today.
Go ahead.
Right now, there
could be
Iran sleeper
cells inside the US.
A lot of people
came in through Biden with this stupid
open border.
But we know where most of them
are. We've got our eye on all of them.
They came in through the open border
policies of sleepy Joe Biden,
one of the worst presidents in
the history of our country.
True.
And we've got our eyes on all of them.
But the war itself is being
prosecuted at a level that nobody's seen before.
Any
Iran sleeper cells there could
be...
Yeah,
so do you think he's going to come out
and say we don't know where any of
them are,
just let you all know you're in trouble?
I just let you know we've been trying to
find these guys, and they're hiding in
their apartments somewhere, and
we don't know. We know where five of them
are, but we just want to let you know we
don't know where the other ten are. Do
you think he's going to say that?
I'm just wondering how
is
he supposed to answer the
question. What kind of dumb question was
that? I'm just saying.
No, they don't know where they are. Not
all of them.
If they did, why don't you have them?
Why are they not in handcuffs?
Why are we watching them,
right? If you know they're going to blow
up somebody, why aren't the
FBI knocking on their door, sir?
Well, we need probable cause.
Anybody who's trying to blow us up is
probable cause, sir. Go get them.
I don't understand. So,
I'm going to be real with you. No, we
don't know where they are because every
time I pray, the Lord tells me to pray
and that we need to find them.
Joe Biden is the problem. The Democratic
Party is the problem. They're the
ones
that let these people in with open
borders.
And I'm telling you, they're here by the
thousands.
I know for a
fact. I won't say thousands,
but
by a thousand.
And we need to raise up
this prayer warrior group tonight
and pray for them to be found and
brought to justice and for the Strait
of
Hormuz, or whatever
this is. Why don't they just
call it the Strait of Something and be
something easy? I
don't know.
It had to be some kind of dumb name. I don't know
what it is.
But I say we've got to
find this and we've got to stop this. We do
not want gas wars.
We do not want lines down the road.
I'm believing God for the crypto
legislation to be... the
Stability and Crypto Act to come to
pass through Congress in the next couple
of days and the weeks ahead. And
believe God that things will be brought
to an open door like this
straight line of growth to be in the new
industrial revolution concerning our
finances of this nation
for a window for the harvest for the
people.
That's what I'm believing God for.
So you keep believing. You keep
standing when all there else to do is
stand. You stand therefore. You
don't be moved by what you see on the
news. I am believing for a great
wealth transfer concerning these
investments
that it will happen for the people.
We'd
have to have it to get the job done.
It's like with the churches:
they want to build youth buildings
and they want to build nice places for
the youth together. It
costs hundreds of thousands of dollars
if not a million or more to build good
buildings.
You don't want to build trash where you go
down and you have a straight-line wind
that blows things down.
A roof comes off by nothing because you
didn't build it right.
Well, we're just trying to scrap back,
get by as barely as what we could,
brother. We got this old pinball machine
from Goodwill. You want good stuff.
We want to represent the king. Well, when
you
come to your church
and you have stuff,
you don't
say, 'Well, he's the one that got
the
hand-me-down.'Some
of those old pinball machines are
worth a lot. Okay.
Bad example.
You
can
find it at Goodwill, like a
Skeeball machine,
whatever. Speaking through the one
that you had
to rig to put a blower on it
through a vacuum cleaner, blowing out the
other end and blowing up the
foosball table
because you didn't
have a real motor on it.
There you go. I took it to
the next level.
I tried.
Or
you know, you created a
ping-pong
table out of a
piece of plywood and a
makeshift net
that the ladies in the church crocheted.
How about that?
That's a really awesome net, though.
Okay. I tried. I
love
crochet.
Let me think of it. Let me get a
garbage bag or
chicken wire. Okay,
there you go. You made a foosball
table out of chicken wire.
Not foosball table,
ping-pong.
You got the net up there and it's
chicken wire.
I don't know. I
try.
Well, we love you all. Let's pray. All
right.
I'm sorry if I come across cranky.
I don't want to always
let my emotions fly.
People, I try, like I said, in my
transparency, even with people at the
church. I'm
probably too open.
Maybe I am, maybe I'm not. I
don't have any other pastors that do
what we do and try to just really be
real with y'all with our lives, with
our problems, with stuff, and just try to
be so real that you realize we're just people
just like you are. There's so many
people who try to treat us like celebrities.
Oh man,
I'm so over Hollywood church stuff.
Don't you?
God uses me and he'll use you.
I'm going to be real with you. Brandon
Biggs has issues.
Yeah, you can ask my family, my mom and
dad. Call them up. They'll tell you.
They
go, 'Hey, you know what?
Brandon puts his clothes on just like
you all
do.'I
just told the Lord,
'Yes.'I
said, 'Yes, I'll clean your
bathrooms.'I
was a janitor for 15 years. I'll clean
your toilets.
I'm not a janitor
anymore,
but I remember it.
I was the one that
cleaned the airplane. I'm the one that
cleaned the cars. I was the one that did
all those things and cleaned carpets for
big mega-ministries and did it all.
I
worked at parsonages for big ministries
and
did it all.
I
got to see people whenever nobody else
was
watching,
and I learned a lot.
But I'm going to tell you this: with all
that I learned spiritually and how
I've pressed in, I missed the mark so
many times
and I fall in His grace.
'God, help me. Forgive me. I
need you. I can't do this
anymore.'It's
like today and yesterday, the day
before—so
many days you wake up and
you go, 'Is today the day that I quit
this?'and
keep praying with these people when
you have
threats against your life? You have
these things and you go, 'Is
this really what you want me to
do?'And
He said, 'Yes,
I didn't tell you it'd be easy. I told
you you would be persecuted and people
would hate you.
If the world loves you, Brandon, you're
not doing it
right.'I
just didn't realize there would be so
many brothers and sisters in the body of Christ
in the church,
waiting to cut your throat
and be jealous of where God's
brought you. And I didn't do
any of this.
I'm just being real. I just said
yes. I started doing videos.
I started praying with y'all. I see
things of the Lord, and I've been doing this
since I was 16 years old. You can ask my
mom and dad.
I've been doing this
since
I was 16 years
old when
I
was demonically oppressed.
had eight demons. They tried to take me
to the insane asylum as a young man. Mom
and dad didn't know what to do with me.
I physically tried to
hurt my mother several times. I did a
lot of things that I wasn't proud of,
but Jesus set me free.
Jesus set me free. And yeah, I still
deal with things. I still wake up every
day and deal with things and read my
Bible and pray and deal with stuff.
Brandon Biggs is a work in progress.
But the Lord asked me, 'Will you
help me?
Will you do these things?'I
say, 'Yes.''Will
you give this money
away?''Yes.''Will
you help build this church?
Will you help me do this?'And every
single time,
I've always said yes. I've never told
Him no,
even whenever my flesh didn't want to do
it.
We
stayed at
the rat shack house—800 square feet with
a hole in the floor with
mold all in it, to the point it made me
sick and I
coughed.
You don't understand.
We
had bad mold in that home.
It was bad. All five of us.
All five of us breathing in that mold
year in and year out because the
floor was rotten.
Do you have
an
old picture of that old house?
I wanted to show them our
old house
right here. You can see that I
lived
right here for 20 years.
Now you say, 'Well, that looks
nice.'I
did the best I had with what I had.
Do you see it?
Twenty
years.
My little girl shared a bedroom with me.
She lived on the top bunk while Diana
was on the bottom bunk
for 20 years.
Yeah, we were on the bottom and she was
on the top
because we didn't have enough
rooms.
That was the
bed.
That was the bunk bed. See the bunk
bed?
It
took up the whole room.
That's what we stayed on.
My wife and I slept on the bottom and
my little girl had the top.
When I'm telling you stuff, I ain't
making it up.
The board on the ceiling
was for my special needs
daughter
so she could swing.
After
we had
our third child, we didn't have a place
to put her, so we put her on top
and she is on that board. But I'm going
to tell you, God brought us a long
way.
He told us how to invest, He taught
us how to do things,
and we've been faithful with what He's
told us to do.
Show them the bathroom. When
I
tell you the floor's falling
in, it was falling through.
Right there. Show
it.
Look, I had to put makeshift
boards on the floor because it fell through.
That's poverty. We spent 20 years
there.
The floor fell through, so I had to put
boards there because it was
messed up,
but I didn't have the money to fix it
at the time. Diana was going through
college.
I want to show you where
Jesus visited me.
That right there.
Jesus came. When I told you Jesus visited
me that night, He visited me where that
washing machine is.
There's a dishwasher on the
side there. That's where Jesus came and
stood. And you
see,
I didn't cover the tile with the
wood floor because it was special to me
because
the tile cracked where Jesus stood.
And I stood there and I wept because He
came and visited me. I was at that sink
doing dishes right there.
I put those shelves up because we had no
place to put our groceries.
And I stood in there and I did that
year after year.
So when I tell you I come from nothing,
it's
real.
You say, 'Well, that looks nice compared
to what I have.'Well, I did the best I
could with what I had. I fixed it. I
wasn't a good carpenter; you can tell
the lights are even crooked. We painted
the cabinets ourselves. I painted it.
And so Diana started eBay there,
and she started everything we have. And
we worked our ears off
and
we saved back. We saved back
some more because the Bible tells us, 'Owe no
man anything but to love
him.'Sorry,
I'm tired tonight, y'all.
You're done. I don't want to show him
any
more. It's embarrassing.
You know, when you look at that, you go,
'My God,
we're just
transparent.'It's
real.
Twenty
years.
Oh, Jesus used to visit me in here.
I used to sit in here on the floor. I
want you to look at that.
Just being real with you. You
see, Jesus visited me in here. That's
where I raised the dog from the dead.
The dog was dead in the
room. And I had my washing
machine. There was an old cabinet behind
there and I tore it out because I needed
room. And so, I'm just being
real with y'all,
that's where Jesus raised the dog
from the dead.
Poverty.
All three of our kids were born there.
But Diana made it through college.
And we
got through it, didn't we?
Making minimum wage. I
made
less than $17,000 a year
after taxes. But
God,
but God.
So
people are going to hate whatever they
want to do, but they don't know where
you come from
and what you sow to get there.
God's always good and God is always
faithful. But I'm trying to tell you,
don't give up on your dreams
because
right now, like I said, I have seven
channels and we minister to people all
around the world
on a day-to-day
basis. It's not us; no,
it's Him. We had over 225
salvations
this
last video.
Isn't that wonderful?
But when you listen to Him
and you're faithful and you're
a
consistent
tither—we
tithed even
when we didn't have it. We weren't doing what we wanted to; we were forced to tithe. We tithed even when we didn't want to because if
we didn't tithe, they fired us.
We tithed even off of what we had,
and if you didn't tithe, they
fired you. We
didn't
have enough to pay our bills after we
tithed, and we did it for
thirteen
years.
We tithed and tithed.
When
you're consistent with your
tithe—because
your boss forces you to
tithe—we
learned how to
tithe.
It's because of that we learned.
And the Lord will
bless your hands. That's why I
try to tell you all that you have
tithers'rights.
I believe with all my
heart that God will bless you in the
city and in the field, coming in and going
out. When you come from nothing, if you
give Him your finances and you
give and you sow
regardless,
He'll bring you out of nothing.
He'll give you an idea.
And it all started when Diana said,
'I'll go to college. I'll get my
master's. It will take us through
this.'And
I thought she was never going to. She
went to night school while I watched the
kids.
I cried myself to sleep. I remember
every night I'd say, 'Lord, I don't
know how I'm going to get all this
done today:
all the homework, all the essays I had
to write.'Because she was working full-time
and after she got off work, she would go
to school until the wee hours in the
morning
and then come home and do her homework;
some nights she'd get only two hours of
sleep. She did that for years.
Then she'd get up the next day and
go to work all day long and do things
for the church. Both
of us—I watched the kids while
she was going to school
and we worked our butts off to get where
we got.
Finally, after eight years, I'll never
forget when she said, 'Honey, I'm
finished my last
class.'She
graduated, and when she graduated summa
cum
laude, she was top of her
class. I looked at her and said,
'My God, it's really over.
We don't have to do school all night
and I can spend time with you
and talk.'After eight years, I
felt
like I hardly knew her anymore because she
did it all weekend long;
she was doing full-time school.
Megan's therapies and everything
cost a lot. Well, that
was me;
I was doing that with all I had,
watching her and taking her to
things while you were doing school.
I'd go by myself.
But I always want
to present this stuff to you—it's not
a sob story;
it's our story. Well,
when I walked across that
stage,
I felt like He walked across it with me.
I was like, 'He's the
one that helped me get
it.'The
dean of ORU laid hands on her. I
couldn't go in with her to her
dinner because they were celebrating her
because
she got summa cum laude
and she had to go in by herself because
Megan was so bad at that time. I sat
out in the car with Megan.
Diana was pregnant—I
didn't
know it.
Actually,
you weren't pregnant yet.
You walked in
and the man said,
'I don't know who you are,
but the Lord told me to give you a
word. I'm supposed to lay hands
on you. You're called to the nations.
You're going to be a prophetic voice to
the nations. You and your husband are
going to walk in a great call in the end
times
and you're going to lead
many to
Jesus.'So
he laid hands on her, and I remember
sitting there when she came out and
said, 'Brandon, I got a prophetic
word from the
dean.'I
said, 'What? Oh, I wish I could
have been there.'So she told
me all about it. But I was sitting out
with Megan in the car,
and I was so excited that we got that
prophetic word.
It gave me hope because Megan was
struggling
at that time. She wouldn't wear
clothes and she used to wear diapers all
the time.
She
used
to
take
her
clothes off whenever she got in the car.
She didn't like the texture—the way it
felt on her.
You guys have no
idea; she's come so far. It's been
little by little.
We were so excited the day she started wearing
clothes
because the texture of the clothes
on her skin made her freak out. It was
bad.
But just saying, every single thing you
go through along the
way—like
we always try to talk to you a
little bit before we
pray—I
want to give you hope
that if God can take somebody
that had nothing
and do what He's done with me
and with her,
God can do it with anybody.
You just have to be faithful in your
giving.
You have to be faithful in what God's
called you to do. Be faithful to your
church. Wherever you go to church,
honor that pastor.
Tithe there, give there. Bless them;
help
him.
You say, 'Well, I'm only able to
do this.'Well, I believe with all my
heart that God stretches your dollar.
I
know because I lived it.
We
were
on food stamps, but
we made it.
We made it through.
And you get to the end of
your whole journey and you have
memories to tell of your faith journey.
It's adventures in faith,
journeys in faith. That's what
Diana
and
I
were.
We lived
a hard time with Megan.
I know there's a lot of you that have
lost children
and
you go, 'Brandon, what's your sob
story? I lost my kid. My kid passed
away.
You still have your
daughter.'It
felt like a death to us
every day. It felt like a death that
wouldn't go away.
If you lose a child, you
bury them and you grieve them and you
still have their memory. But whenever I
woke up to the memory of my daughter
never going to live a normal life, it
was like facing death every single day
in my heart, every
birthday.
I'm not trying to knock; I'm trying
to tell you what I felt. I
can't
imagine losing a child,
but it's what it felt like to me.
She turns 21
next week.
Her birthday is
March 18th.
I'm so thankful for her. She's a
blessing. We love her.
Megan has come a long
way,
but like I said, I
try to give you hope
because
I know I speak to people that live
in villages, people that live
with
barely anything in all parts
of the world. And you say, 'Well,
Brandon, you look like you got a
lot.'I'm
going to tell you this: in
America, that's not a lot.
In
Oklahoma,
we had crack dealers on one
side cooking meth in their house. We had
drug busts in front of
us and they would get on top of our roof,
high as a kite, and throw beers at my
dogs.
They'd
get on the
roof and just jump around in
the middle of the night.
I kid you not.
They would
throw their whiskey and their crap at my
dogs trying to knock them out because they
were barking, trying to tell on them that
they were in my yard.
I had little dogs I was raising
and they would throw those alcohol
bottles and they would hit my dogs
and I'd have to call the police.
My grandma would be
over there because she lived across the
street and they'd say, 'Oh my God, the
guy's crazy. He's drunk.'I said, 'Yeah,
don't worry about it; he's
stoned.'But
then it was bad when
the meth lab exploded
next door. The
night
it exploded, it scared
the poo out of us because it shook our whole
house and we could smell them cooking
the meth as we had our window open. We
could smell them cooking the meth every
night. We had to shut our window in
the fall and the spring because we didn't want it to
get hot because our bills were so high, and
we couldn't keep our window
open because when they're cooking the
meth at night, you could smell it coming
in our house through the exhaust fan
and it made you feel sick.
Meth makes you feel really sick.
As they're cooking it
up on the top of the
hill, they were
doing cracking. It was
so bad when they were making those
drugs that the meth lab exploded and the
whole house shook. I'm not kidding.
I'll never forget that. Then
all the police came and went
boom.
I was like, 'Good God, what was
that?'It
was in the morning.
I asked
Grandma, but she didn't hear it. I
said, 'Grandma, did you hear that last night?'She
said,
'No, I didn't hear it.'I said,
'My God.'Do you remember Clark?
She wouldn't hear a dump truck go
through a nitroglycerin plant. Clark,
what do you say? 'I hear something.
It's a squeaking.'That's what Grandma
does. She has Alzheimer's and dementia now.
She's
really bad now, but she
wouldn't
hear anything going through a
nitroglycerin plant. 'Clark,
Grandma, did you hear
something?''I
didn't hear
nothing.'Truth.
'Did the tornado sirens wake you up,
Grandma? There's a tornado.'I said,
'Yeah.''You
didn't know
it?''Yeah.''It
went right over the house.''What? Are you
serious?'I'm
like,
'Yeah.'The
Lord bless you, Grandma. You made it
through the night.
We would have woken her up if
it
got
bad,
but all glory to Jesus. Don't give
up on your dream.
You may be speaking in front of four and
a half
million people a week
within just a couple of years.
God can do that for you
because
he did it for me.
I look at what I do right now and
all the people that come here,
and I'm so thankful for
YouTube and the AdSense program.
I'm on their platform. I try not to
dishonor what they've
set in their guidelines. It's changed
our life.
I'm so thankful for YouTube
and
for these things.
It's amazing to see what the Lord
has done.
So, it just takes time
and you just keep believing, you
keep sowing, and you keep giving.
You
help your pastor. You clean the toilets.
I didn't have anything to give. So,
what do you have? Well, I'll clean
a
toilet. I used to repent and say, 'I
spent the tithe. Please don't fire me.
I'll clean extra in here and I'll
do whatever.'So,
I would
go in there and clean and do things
for free or whatever I could do to help
out.
You give and you believe and
you say, 'God, is that considered okay
for
today?'I
know I wasn't able to pay all my
tithe, Lord, but I donated my time to my
grandmother. I did things that I could
to help out.
So when you had a
little, you kept
going. That's what we did.
I know it's been over an hour,
so are you going to go?
I know she's going to go to work.
I
love
y'all.
They're
both leaving, so somebody has to stay.
I think he has to go to the bathroom.
I don't want to leave y'all here
unattended,
like y'all need babysitting.
But
are y'all liking how it's
daylight longer?
It's weird. I like it
personally. I don't like
the part where it's dark in the
mornings, but I do like how it stays
light later.
I just wish they wouldn't mess with it.
I wish it wouldn't go back.
I know
that's how it's always been because
of working in the fields and the farmers
harvesting and things like that.
It's nice,
and spring is here.
All right, I'm done.
I'm just
fasting.
I'm on my diet. Hey y'all,
I'm down almost 13
pounds.
I'm trying really hard. I
don't want to be Butterbean
anymore.
You look fantastic. I'm proud of you.
My goal is 80, so
we've
got a ways to go. But we're doing
it one day at a time. I keep doing
my little things and doing what God's
called me to do.
I told Diana, 'wait until I'm lean
and mean and
green and skinny.'I'm
trying
to take care
of my flesh. Got to live long, finish
strong.
Thirteen's
pretty good so far for
the first week and a half.
So, 20, here we come.
My pants are a little looser today.
All right, who wants to pray with me
today?
Did you get anything out of that? Did it
encourage you a little bit to see
where we come from? It's not that I
feel sorry for Brandon and
Diana.
It's trying to show you
that if God can do something like that
for us
who
come from nothing,
look at what the Lord
has done.
He's provided
and taken such good care of us.
Thank you for the people who've been
so nice to my family.
Thank you for helping support my
ministry. You
did that all on your own free will. You
did it because God obviously told you
to.
I
just always trust him.
You keep
doing what you do.
I'm so thankful for the people who
have loved on us
and said, 'Hey, we want to help you. We're
going
to help you,
no strings attached.'They're not asking.
Now, some people do. Some people want
something.
'I'll give you this if you do this.
I want you to come
minister.'I've
been offered $10,000 a
conference.
'If you minister at these conferences,
we'll guarantee you $10,000.'I don't
take
it.
I'm not going to
merchandise the anointing like that.
I've learned that people try
to throw around money
because
they try to entice you with it.
No,
that's not what the Lord tells me to do.
I'm going
to sit behind this little green screen
and pray with y'all.
I'm not
trying to expose who these people are;
that's between them and God.
But
there's so much merchandise
and
materialism, trying to
solicit people with big platforms.
It's very sad,
but I just stay true to who I am.
If you don't like me, you don't like
me.
I've learned there's a lot of
people who don't like me.
It's like my little brother said today:
'Brandon, your comment section
on some of those other videos
are brutal.'He said, 'I
don't know how you deal with
that.'I
said, 'I don't look at
it.'I
get the emails and Diana reads them,
but I don't look at the comment
section. Braden takes care of
it. I can't allow all the
hate to enter
into me. People hate you.
'Butterbean,
fat
boy.'All
the things
people say to me. Braden said,
'Dad, they're being mean about your
weight.'You
know what? I know I
have
issues with eating. I love ice
cream, but I'm doing
better and I'm getting delivered from
it
one day at a time.
I don't come to your house and ask
if
you drink alcohol because I don't touch
alcohol. I
used
to
eat
ice cream, but I don't anymore. I've
done great.
No more ice cream for Brandon Biggs.
It's all in the trash can. I won't even
let Paisley buy it.
No more, Paisley. She goes, "Daddy, I
say no more. You're healthy with me.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for
the body.
We lift up this time before you, God.
And we thank you if there's anything
you want to show us.
Father, we say uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force,
we plead the blood of Jesus over this
time of prayer.
We lift up the body.
We thank you, Father, that you did
it all.
You became sickness. You became disease.
You became poverty all for us.
And we give you all the glory, all the
honor, and all the praise for all that
you've done and all that you've
provided.
Thank you, Father, that by
your stripes, we're healed.
And whatever they have in their body
tonight,
if whatever it is from the top of their
head to the soles of their feet, I thank
you, Lord, that they're healed. I call
them well. I call them delivered. And I
take this body in the name of Jesus. And
we give you all the glory and all the
honor and all the praise for it in
Jesus'mighty
name. Amen. And amen.
Father, we thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. We apply the blood
over us. We apply the blood over my
house. We apply the blood over our
finances.
We apply the blood over our
marriages. We apply the blood and we
make much of the blood. And the thousand
shall fall at our side and 10,000 at
our right hand, but nothing shall come
nigh us.
I apply the blood of Jesus over us. And
we thank you, Lord, for your angels that
watch over us. And Father, they bear us
up in their hands lest we dash our foot
against a stone. And I take this blood
right now in
Jesus'name.
Father,
I thank you, Lord, that I see what
I
need to see.
If there's anything you want me to see
tonight, if not, we'll go on our way.
We're not here to perform.
We're
confidently trusting in the
finished work of Jesus Christ.
And we thank you, Lord, for our
president. We thank you, Lord, for all
the things that he is
standing for to help us as a nation.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, the
clarity act passes and things happen
and the foundation for crypto is being
laid and great and mighty works will
you do through us.
We believe, Father, in the name of
Jesus, that this is just the
beginning, Father, that the wealth of
the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
We believe, Father, in the name of
Jesus, whatever we put our hands to will
prosper. We thank you, Lord, in the name
of Jesus, for all things are possible to
him who believes in Jesus'mighty name.
We take the blood. Oh, we already
took
what? I'm still in communion. You
can tell I'm tired
in
Jesus'name.
I took water just to drink it. Forgive
me, Lord.
Like I said, I'm a little tired
tonight. Father, I thank you, Lord, for
the blood.
We yield to you, Lord.
We yield to you, Father.
I sing praises to your name.
Oh Lord,
praises to your name.
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises
to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises
to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises
to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name
is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises
to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
For your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord.
We're so grateful.
We're so thankful. We're so blessed.
Thank you, Father,
that you provide. You take care of us.
Thank you, Lord, that you always know
everything we need before we have need
of it.
We apply the blood of Jesus
over all of us tonight. Every single
person that's represented here, Father,
whatever need they have,
we thank you, Lord, that you're meeting
those needs.
We thank you, Father.
And Father, they're coming out of
the
bottom of the pit. They're coming out of
the bottom of the barrel
and the barrel is on
top of them.
I thank you, Father, that you're turning
their circumstances around on a dime.
Thank you, Father. Father, you've been
so good to every single one of us and
you said you never seen the righteous
forsaken or your seed begging bread.
We're so grateful, Father, that
the economy will turn around.
We thank you, Lord, that we have that
window that you said we'd have.
Father, we believe we receive. You said,
"Contend for it.
Contend for
it."We
contend for the blessing. We contend
for the overflow. We contend for the
abundant supply.
We thank you, Lord,
in the name of Jesus
for your divine protection over every
single one of us.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, for
President Trump tonight.
I lift him up before you, Father, in the
mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that he is
blessed in the city. He's blessed in the
field coming in and going out.
That
Father, there's a hedge around and
about President Trump. We thank you,
Lord, that everything
he does he is led by the Spirit of God.
That Father, he'll take no counsel from
the ungodly
concerning this around our nation,
concerning the terrorist cells,
that he'll know exactly homeland
security, FBI, the CIA or whoever.
Father, I thank you, local law
enforcement, sheriff's department.
We thank you, Lord, right now for that
supernatural hand around and about
them,
that they will hear your voice
concerning the evildoers,
that they will be brought to justice in
the name of Jesus.
We call those evildoers exposed.
We call those evildoers brought out in
the name of Jesus of the dark places
they've been hiding.
That there's no cave they can hide.
There's no rock they can hide
under.
The blood of Jesus covers them,
covers our law enforcement and brings
them out. It can cover
them, too. It'll make that devil inside
of them go out of them. Wouldn't that be
neat? I believe that they could get
delivered from being crazy.
There is no devil too big for the blood
of Jesus to deliver somebody from.
I believe
Lord
that Father
your hand of protection is on our
nation.
No matter what parade
next week for the St. Patrick's Day
parade and the get-togethers, Father,
at
Easter coming,
that every church that is represented
here tonight, Father, is protected, even
the ones that are not.
We call every plan, every plot, every
pursuit of demonic attack against our
churches to be brought to naught in the
name of Jesus. Expose every single one
of them.
We thank you, Lord, for your angels that
are protecting our law enforcement,
protecting our nation with the
secret service. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that a house divided
against itself will not stand and we will
not be divided against ourselves,
that
Father, we have a nation
that's
one nation unto God, Father, that we
have that nation that
is like
welded steel,
that
Father,
where there's strife and confusion,
every evil work that in our homeland
security and these departments, there
will be no strife. We call peace that
passes all understanding over this
nation. We call peace over
the president and his council and the
people that are there that are
telling him what to do concerning Iran.
And I thank you, Lord, that there's no
strife in there.
Father, he'll finish
what he set out to do to liberate the
people of Iran. And it will not be a
grand
invasion.
Yeah, I see that
this rich in uranium,
the enrichment
there is a place,
it's
right toward the center of Iran,
there is a
factory
that is underground
for
enrichment of this
substance."Do
I say anything else?
Y'all pray.
We call an
expel.
I see these people.
I call all our special ops troops,
our Navy Seals. If we have any kind of
special op like green berets,
whoever these men are, I know
I call them protected in the name of
Jesus. Any ground,
any kind of
infiltration of the enemy's camp, we
call in the name of Jesus protection
over every single one of them,
Father, over Israel's side and
ours.
I see Great Britain right now get
involved. I see Great Britain getting
ready to get involved.
But it's not very many compared to our
amount. I see three.
I see a bunch.
Israel, America, like brothers versus
three.
We thank you, Lord, for those men.
I don't know how much you want me to
say, Father, but we protect them.
We protect those men.
I protect those men right now with the
blood of Jesus. We plead the blood of
Jesus over those people right now.
We believe
for divine
protection
over our men that are serving this
nation,
over our battleships, over our aircraft
carriers, over drones. We
call them down out of the sky. We call
exposing of where they're coming out
over our nation, over our military, over
Israel, Father. We pray over their
buildings.
We pray over their innocent civilians.
Every single innocent civilian that is
represented, Father, that their life's in
danger. We pray over them in the name of
Jesus, over the Jewish community, over
the people of Tel Aviv, over
Jerusalem and the uttermost parts.
We apply the blood over those people,
the children.
We cover the children in the blood. I
am
seeing right now
crowds gathered concerning a run.
It's like a marathon.
I see these
numbers on their chest.
They have numbers. I see them in
outfits to run.
This is up northeast. There's a running.
There's a marathon.
And there's a man with a beard. There's
a man that has olive skin. He has a
black beard.
There's three of them all together. I
see this guy. He has curly looking hair
that looks like a
wet perm on a woman's hair.
This man has
big curls that are wet-looking, like gel
in his hair and he's Middle Eastern
too. He has no beard. He is standing
with the man with the beard with the
black hair. They're both olive skin.
There's a girl there. She has a black
ponytail and she has a tracksuit on.
She's talking to the men.
She has the same kind of
dark hair with olive skin.
Okay. So, the man with the beard
is
standing here, the guy with
the curly hair is stretching his
knees. You know how you get ready to run
and he's stretching his knees? He's
stretching his legs, his hamstrings,
he's stretching his body. And she's
standing on this side talking to these
two men.
I thank you, Father.
I'm hearing Boston.
You hear me?
Boston.
I hear the word. I'm hearing about
Okay.
I don't know if I should
bother.
I was waiting for him to give me the
rest of the vision and I just saw it.
Okay. Trash cans.
I see trash cans.
I see detonators.
I see remote detonators.
Some of them look like they're attached to
a cell phone.
This is more
Guestara.
I
hear
many
will
die.
This is made with
plastic.
a 3D printed machine.
This device is made with a 3D
printed
machine.
It looks like a Coca-Cola,
like a fake
label on a Coca-Cola bottle.
You know, like
those
cans like a Coca-Cola bottle
can.
It's made in a
device like that big to look like it's in
a track.
It's a Coca-Cola
bottle.
It
looks like a bottle of Sprite,
a can of Sprite.
But it's a very sophisticated thing.
It's what's inside.
It's what's inside of it.
Why are these people so
crazy, Lord,
when I'm seeing all this?
It's like
they've
never seen people hate humans so much.
Okay. Praying over all the
art
festivals.
Art festivals where people go and look
at art.
Art in the spring.
Food vendors, and
I see art festivals. I see the
makeshift
booths where you go in there
and you look at what they've done
and
their artwork and they got statues. I
see this as a target for
shootings.
I see a
strict
target. I see art festivals
in
the
United States of America. It's in the
springtime,
trying to stir up radical Islamic
behavior
for lone wolves, wanting the lone wolves
to act out first before this
strategic plan.
They want to
activate lone wolves
to act out first to be a distraction for
the main event
by trying to solicit them.
These are people that are sympathizers.
Thank you, Holy Spirit. Sympathizers.
The Lord said similar to what happened
in Austin.
It's not the main thing.
This is them trying to get people that
they see as expendable
to
help us.
The thing I see at this
marathon is part of the main thing.
This is sophisticated technology.
This is a sophisticated
explosive device.
It looks very
James Bond.
It doesn't look to me like somebody
made it in their garage. This was well
thought out like they're highly
trained operatives.
What would be the size of a grenade?
Okay. So, in this, I've went to Italy
and I see
an
epicenter.
It goes red
circles,
red circles that look like a
target
with an epicenter in the middle around
Vatican, around Rome. I see a very,
this is 8.2,
I see 8.2
earthquake in Rome and it's an epicenter and
it goes out like you would do a target
on Rome.
It's around that area. It's on this.
Okay. Is
it
Rome
in Italy on this side of it
closest to the water going this way?
The epicenter is just outside of it.
Okay. So, the main target,
I see the circle around it and then it
goes out. Okay. So, we're praying over
that because this is a major 8.2
earthquake.
This won't be stopped.
You won't stop this.
This will not be stopped. This
goes with Matthew 24.
There's going to be all kinds of things
happening like this.
And the Lord is saying to me when I'm
praying into this, I can see it really
clear. He said, 'All you do right now is
pray for the believer to be safe. Pray
for this to shake the nations. I'm going
to shake the nations. I'm going to shake
the foundation of the Catholic Church.
I'm gonna shake the nations.
And in this, I'm bringing the
bride to my side. I'm shaking the bride.
I'm shaking people awake. I'm bringing
the bride to my side. Many, many people
are asleep.'I am going to shake all
tribes and all tongues, every
denomination.
When we say, "You are the
bride, you are the charismatics,"God
says, "I am shaking
the bride, I
am
shaking the
church, and
I am
correcting
doctrines that are off."You
are
going to see it.
Remember First Corinthians 5:5, I
am
bringing the bride to my side for
judgment begins in the house of the Lord
first. In 2026, I
am
shaking my church. I
cleaning up things that need to be
clean. I am exposing things that need to
be exposed. Fixing it
is
like peeling an onion; you
get everything
usable.
I see activated terrorist cells in
Europe.
This is in England. I see a man, he is
dressed differently,
wearing
a long military-style coat,
green in color, with a black
scarf and a flannel shirt.
He has a
bald head and is skinny
with
high
cheekbones.
I see him looking
right at me. I
am
looking at him walking down the
street.
I
see
the cars,
he looked right at me,
then he turned around and kept
walking. I
saw
this man,
I could
see his eyes clearly;
I have
never had a vision look like that
before. He
is
about 6'1", 180
to
pounds.
Praise the Lord.
Africa
is
highlighted before me.
I see a road
from the Egypt area, they
are
going to transport things to
the water.
There
is
a shipping yard
there.
I see a
military-style
truck with a
flatbed;
they are delivering something.
It
is a long drive.
In
these things, I hear
great distractions
concerning midterms.
I see myself praying over the
month of October.
I see the month of
September,
the
Jewish festivals, Rosh Hashanah
Rosh Hashanah,
around this
time
frame.
I see September
and
October
highlighted specifically because of the
date.
Plans of destruction, plans of
a
storm
on your nation,
they have great plans. Take this down in
prayer.
I see a blueprint
with white writing.
I see
holy angels
crushing
these plans
to create havoc and great
distraction in your nation concerning
your midterms.
China is involved in this.
China will
interfere in
the political process
of
the elections. I
see the
Communist
Party;
they
are
having an
interference
with cyber,
internet fiber optics,
and
codes.
There
will
be other elections around the
world where they try to
interfere.
I see interference from China
concerning Australia's
election.
I see China trying to influence
Australia's
freedom.
I
do
not
know if it
is
this year,
but
I see an election coming and they
will
try to influence it.
Remember these things.
Thank you, Father.
Every hidden thing be revealed.
We thank you, Lord, for our troops on
the ground and the
people around our military
bases.
You protect them, Father.
You protect
our ships and the people.
You protect Don Jr.,
Eric,
Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka,
and
Kai.
I thank you, Father. You put a
hedge around them.
We thank you, Lord, for the
angels that watch over President Trump,
Melania,
Vice President JD Vance,
and
Marco Rubio.
We pray over Taiwan. There
is
a covering
over Taiwan.
I see people praying in Taiwan,
giving more time
to the people.
Pray, church
of
the Asian community. I see, Father, we
thank you, Lord
for South Korea,
Taiwan, China, the
Philippines, and North Korea. We
call for liberation and a great
move of God in Japan.
I see a great shaking taking place in
Japan.
I
am
seeing a river
with
a light
shining on
it.
I see
bridges that look
like old brick
structures with
indentations
for boats.
The
water is clear,
flat, with moonlight on
it.
The bridge is the target.
Is this a metaphor?
We thank you, Lord,
that
the
leaders
who
need to be
removed will be removed.
The church, the remnant, will rise up for
the greatest revival.
Nothing will hinder
or harm
it.
Thank you, Lord, that we will see
great fruit.
I sing praises to your name,
O
Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
We
thank you,
Lord, that
you
are bringing
a
shaking to the
cartel. You
are
bringing a shaking,
Father, to the trafficking
so
that it stops.
We thank you Lord
that
trafficking stops.
I see that leader being taken out again
in the cartel sign.
I see it in Mexico.
It's toward the Gulf
area.
I see this
incident
toward the
golf
down closer to the middle
and it's over to the golf area. I
see this individual.
So, if you go
golf
and you and you go right here, right here
toward the middle, right in here,
there's something that happens right
here. It's like TNT, you know, when TNT
on a cartoon goes like this.
I see this go out like this
and it's in the area, but it's concerning
somebody in the cartel.
The Lord
is getting rid of and expelling
these rats, these parasites,
because of
the way they treat these young
girls.
I see young men with those
white shirts,
like those white t-shirts with
the
scoop neck. I see gold chains. I
see
their pants are hardly hanging on with
belts. You can see their
draws,
but they have bandanas on
their heads.
They're tied like Tupac used to do in
the front with the bandana and it's
wrapped around in the front. I see
they have
automatic guns like AK-47s in their hands.
They're around a truck
and a tailgate of a truck. They're in
the back of this tailgate of the truck.
There's three men on each
side of it. They're hanging on the side
as they're driving down the road in
the
back of a truck.
Every one of them have
firearms
in their hands.
The leader is
in that truck.
And people say, "Brandon, you shouldn't
say so much. The cartel ain't watching
this right now.",
that's what I heard the Lord say. You
want to pray for this?
I'm getting rid of these people.
I'm I'm getting rid of this. They're
parasites
to these young girls.
They're trafficking these children.
They look like 15, 16, 17, 18
year old
young girls.
They're
Hispanic young girls.
I see it very clear.
Oh, it's terrible. Look at that.
Father,
you
want
show
He said, "Brandon, they're crying out
for prayer. They're crying out for
freedom."I
just heard what he said. The Lord
said,
"Brandon,"he
said, "they are asking for help.
Those young girls, Brandon, are being
forced to do this.
They're crying out for
help."Brandon,
when I said, "I don't want to see
it."The
Lord said, "I'm showing
you because they asking for
it."And
these young girls
are asking for help.
Oh, God.
Free them all.
Free them all, Jesus.
Set them all free, Father. Find
to
get them help, Lord.
And it's the same
thing that's happening in Europe.
I see him trafficking all over
Europe. And the Lord said, "I'm bringing
a great shaking
even underneath the Vatican, underneath
these dark
caves,
these dark rooms, these caverns.
I'm going to shake this place and I'm
going to bring them to their knees
for great corruption, great
perversion
will be exposed.
And I'm bringing a shaking
and a liberating to these young
people
for their hearts, their words, they've
cried out to me. And I'm
bringing justice.
The Lord said
2026 will be a time of divine
justice.
This is part of 1 Corinthians 5:5
divine justice.
For what was done in secret will be
brought to the surface openly.
Thank you Lord for your protection.
Thank you Lord for your hand.
Thank you, Lord, for your blood that
covers the land,
from California all the way
to
Cape Hatteras.
We thank you Lord from the Gulf, from
Brownsville, Texas all the way to
Fargo.
We thank you Lord for your hand of
divine protection across this earth, from
all around Europe
to
Mexico,
Asia. Father, I thank you Lord
these young people are
having revival, that revival is
beginning across this nation.
We thank you Lord
in the name of Jesus.
We thank you father
for bringing divine freedom for these
young people.
We give you praise and glory for it.
Thank you, Father, for this nation.
God's not done with America.
There's going to be a great harvest of
souls
all around Canada, all around these
areas.
And I have to ask you tonight,
do you know my friend Jesus
as a great revival is beginning? And
you'll see it soon. I truly believe
that it will come out of a great
shaking.
But tonight, you're here and you're
like,
"Well,
I don't even know why I'm
here."But
you feel that
shaking on the inside of you
that something's about to change.
And you know it's time for you to repent
and come to Jesus.
You've procrastinated long
enough, brothers and sisters.
You've waited and said, well, I'm going to go
out and and have party scene. I'm going
to do all the things. But no man or
woman is promised tomorrow.
You could be here and this could be your
last time to ever have the opportunity
to repent and turn and come to Lord
Jesus Christ.
I have to ask you tonight, do you know,
my friend,
out of all these things we've prayed
about,
out of all these things we've been
interceding
for, out of all the things I
told you earlier about my personal life
and how God's delivered me and set me
free,
I owe him everything.
He delivered me from demons.
He
delivered me from from torment.
delivered me from all kinds of terrible
sad things.
And he put joy in my life. He's
given me peace.
He wants to do the same for you.
There's many of you here tonight that
are bound by demonic spirits that are
asking every day, God, do you care
?
I don't want to
be bound, I got this addictions. I've
got all this stuff going on. But I'm
telling you, he came to set the
captives free.
And tonight, you're not here by accident.
You're here by divine assignment. I
truly believe that God has his hand on
you right where you are right now.
Do you feel him?
He's talking to your heart. He's
knocking on your door right now. Even
as we speak, he's knocking on your door.
Will you let him in?
Or will you be prideful and say, "I've
got too much sin. You won't want
me."There's
nothing too bad that you've
done.
It's not great. Jesus's blood covers it
all.
He washes as far as the east is from the
west. The moment you confess your sins,
he is faithful and just to forgive you
of your sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.
You are saved by grace
through faith. I want you right now to
get real with God.
Stop running.
Run to God.
Stop running from him. He loves you.
He's an everpresent help in a time of
need. He's always there. He's waiting on
you.
But right now, you have an opportunity.
What we're going to give you, we're going
to pray with you.
And if you're saying, Brandon,
that's me. I've been running from God.
I've been running with all my heart.
I've been running and I
feel like I'm running so far and I've
ran into walls.
I've
ran into all this pits and I've ran into
despair. And I'm sitting here in my
couch. I'm sitting in my car. I'm
sitting wherever you're at right now. and
you're just saying, "I just want
somebody to pray with me.
Will you just pray for
me?"You've
prayed for a lot of stuff, but
but will you pray for me? The greatest
prayer I could ever lead, is for
your
salvation.
That's the first step,
to the open the door to all the goodness and
all the greatness that God has for you.
It's the moment you turn
and repent and recognize that Jesus
Christ died for you and he rose again on
the third day.
You might be a person used to be
on fire and used to go to youth
group. You were so excited to go to to
the
youth group and you got
radical. The youth pastor really helped
you, but over the course of time you've
drifted away.
You've become
lukewarm. You've become
really stagnant in your faith.
You're into the party scene
again. You're into darkness that is
really bad and you're saying, "I know
it's wrong.
I know it's wrong, but tonight,
Braden,
I want to sell out. I want to make a
fresh, clean start.
I want to pray for you,
but you have to get real with God.
You've
got to get real with yourself.
got to want change. There's no
patty-cake
Christianity right
now, folks. We are in the last of the
last days. Jesus Christ is standing at
the door. I'm telling you, he's getting
ready to come.
You're running out of time.
As in the days of Noah, the Bible tells
us,
so will it be.
Noah knew the flood was coming. He
didn't know the day.
He knew the rain was getting ready to
come, but God put him in that boat
and he preserved
him
while the flood was going all around him.
God wants to preserve you. He wants you
to get on the boat today.
God, I need you. I surrender all.
You don't realize how bad you need him
until I guess
you're in the mess you're in.
And you're going, "Man, I don't know
what I'm going to do with my
life."And
now you have so much pride, you don't
even think he's going to accept you.
But you can't sin enough for God's grace
not to cover it and say, "Hey, I've
given you a second chance. I love you.
Come unto
me."So
tonight, I want to ask you the
question: do you know my friend Jesus?
Do you know him?
And more importantly, does he know you?
It's not about knowing a lot about him
from
what we hear on the news or
whatever you're watching.
It's about having an intimate
relationship inside your heart.
So, I'm just going to
say a simple prayer, but I want you to
put in the comment section right now, "I
want to be saved. Tonight's my night.
I'm turning around. I need a fresh
start. Brandon, will you please pray for
me?"Like
I said, everything I've said here
tonight,
it's all for naught
if you don't accept Jesus.
So say this with me. Just say
the
simple prayer. It's easy.
Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to cleanse me.
I ask you to wash me and make me whole.
Jesus, as of tonight,
I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the world and what I
was doing.
I turn my back on the devil.
I don't want any part of him.
And Jesus, as of today,
I surrender all to you.
I surrender my life. I surrender my
heart.
I ask you to forgive me.
I make you my Lord and personal savior.
From this day forward,
I'm all in.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life
tonight, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus, that if I was to die
today,
I'll be with you in Paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord, for setting me free.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm delivered from
all demonic bondage.
And from this day forward, any addiction
that has bound me—from drugs to alcohol,
to cigarettes,
to pornography, to lustful things, or
whatever—I
believe that I'm free.
The Bible says, "Call those things that
be not as though they
were,"and
I'm free.
I'm free. And for whom the Son has set
free is free indeed.
Amen and amen. I believe if you just
said that simple prayer—a
five-year-old could
say
it—I
believe you're born again.
Thank you
for being here tonight. We're excited.
We rejoice with you. All 48 of you so
far that have said this prayer,
welcome to the family. 48 people so far
have given their heart to Jesus Christ
tonight and many, many more on all the
other channels through the
next couple of days off this one video.
We're so grateful that you're here
tonight. Now, what do you do? You go to
a Bible-believing church.
I'd
go to a non-denominational church.
That's where I'd go to church. And you
say, "Brandon, what do I do?"Tell that
pastor there, say, "Hey, listen. I need
to be
water-baptized.
I like to get
baptized."Get
plugged in there. Read your Bible
every single day. Get you a Bible. If
you don't have a Bible and you just got
born again, my wife and I will buy you
your first Bible for free. We just
want
to celebrate your decision
tonight to come to Jesus. All you have
to do is put your name and your
address in the email down below.
Don't put it in the chat. Don't do that.
Put it in the email down below. Email
us. Put in there, "I got born again,"and we
will send you a Bible
in the United States. Put your
address and everything. We will not solicit
you. We will not try to bother you ever
again. We just want to get you a Bible.
If you want to
maintain a true Christian life and
become strong in the Word of the
Lord, you must read your Bible every
single day.
You must read your Bible every single
day. The Word must become priority in
your life and it will change you from
the inside out. The more you read that
Bible, the more you're able to resist
temptation. I heard my friend Billy
Burke say one time, "The reason
why people fall, Brandon,
is they're
empty."The
reason why people stay in sin and
they're looking at bad things on the
internet, they're drinking, they're
doing all these bad things that they
shouldn't be doing, strung out, is
because they're empty. If you get filled
up on the Word of God, your
"full"will
fight for you. He always talks about
that. Your being full of the Word
of God will fight for you. You're able
to submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee. But
you have to submit yourself to God
first. So you say, "Brandon, I've got
addictions and all these
things."Get
full of the Word of God. You'll know the
truth and the truth will set you free.
It's the truth of God's Word that will
set you free. The only way that the
devil's ever afraid of you is by that
Word coming out of your mouth. It's
a sword. And the moment you get full of
it, he knows. You say, "Well, I'm
dealing with all these temptations. I'm
dealing with all this
stuff."That
means your level of the Word is
empty. You're going too low. You've got
to get full of the Word of God. And the
more the Word of God is inside of you,
the more it will change you from the
inside out. But if you're low on Word,
the devil comes as a thief and he's
going to kill, steal, and destroy
everything you've got.
Remember that it's the Word that he's
afraid of, not prayer.
The Bible didn't say that prayer is a
sword.
It's
the Word.
The only way
you're ever going to get rid of the
devil in your life and temptations and
addictions—you'll
know the truth, and the truth will
set you free. What's the truth? The Word
of God.
So, you've got to say that Word out of
your mouth.
You got to believe it. It's not just
saying it once.
You've
got to renew your mind on a
day-to-day basis by that Word of God.
Get it down in your heart until it
becomes so deep down inside of you, you
can quote it front, back, sideways,
whatever.
That's the only thing
that's ever going to set you free.
I know a lot of people say, "Well,
Brandon,
I've been praying
and the devil just won't leave
me alone."It's not prayer that
scares
him away, folks.
The devil is not scared away by
your prayer.
He's scared of the Word.
Why? Because it's sharper than any
two-edged sword.
And you cut him
and he goes, "Ah, now that hurt. I got to
get out of
here."Do
you understand?
People try to pray the devil away all
the time. You're not going to pray him
away. It's the word-backed prayer.
It's a word-backed prayer.
'If ye abide in me
and my words remain in you, you will ask
what you will and it shall be
done.'But
first you have to abide. 'If
ye
abide in me and my words remain in you.'Where
are His
words? The Bible. 'You will
ask what you will.'You're speaking that
Word out of your mouth, a
sharpening
two-edged sword.
And it comes out of you like a
tidal wave of glory. Boom! The devil
goes, 'Ah!'and he runs.
But if you don't have that, you go, 'I'm
just praying, "This little light of mine,
I'm going to let it shine."Devil, leave
me alone.'He isn't going
to listen to you;
he
isn't
afraid of that.
He's
looking at you, going, 'I know
immediately by their thermostat where
they are by the way they're praying.'What they
are saying
represents how much Word is inside of
you.
What are they saying out of their mouth?
The Word of God will change you
from the inside out. And if you
aren't
saying that Word out of your mouth, I
don't care how much prayer you're
doing. You can pray all day long and
he'll laugh at you.
'Ha ha! You don't know who you
are.'Read
Ephesians.
I'm seated with Him in the heavenlies. I'm
a joint-heir
with Jesus Christ.
But it's the truth you know. The truth
you know will set you free,
make you free, and keep you free.
'Well, I've got addictions. I've got this.'Find
the
Word.
'I can't get off marijuana. I can't get
off porn.'No, yes you can.
You know the truth, and the truth will
set you free, brother.
What's the truth? The Word of God.
'Well, that's an old book.'No, it's
alive!
But you have to have the Word
back in you to be able to submit
yourself unto God. 'Resist the devil and he
will
flee.'Does
that make sense, what I'm trying to
tell you?
So there are so many people that keep
going back to the same sin they want to
be free from. But it's your
level of being full.
What are you full of? General Hospital? Jerry
Springer?
I don't know if that even exists
anymore.
What are you full of? 'Let your full
fight for
you.'That's
what my friend always told me:
'Brandon, let your full
fight for you.'You've got to put
that Word down inside of you. You have
been battling addictions.
Why is he coming? Because you're not
full enough.
The devil's
messing with you.
The Bible didn't say he wasn't going to
mess with you. Jesus was tempted, but
what did he do immediately? He didn't
pray.
What did Jesus do to the devil when he
came? Does anybody know in the
comment
section? Did Jesus say, 'I've got
to have a 30-minute prayer session
to
the Father right now.
Oh, Father, we thank You that You get
rid of this
devil.'He
didn't pray him away, did he?
He spoke the Word.
And the moment he
spoke the Word, the devil was like, 'Oh,
he knows the truth. He's Jesus.
There's something about that; I better
leave him.''If you be the Son of God,
turn this stone into
bread.''Man
shall not live by bread alone, but
every word that proceedeth out of the
mouth of
God.'Slap
him in the face!
But he never prayed him away; he used
the Word out of his mouth to get rid of
him.
His full fought for him.
Jesus was full.
And the moment he spoke it out of his
mouth,
that's when the devil fled.
He came to tempt our Savior, and His
full fought for him.
You understand?
So you have to let your full fight for
you.
You cannot be empty in these last days
and think you're going to submit
yourself and resist. You think
you've
got all these temptations,
all these
addictions—it's
because you're empty.
Fill yourself up with the Word of God
continually,
and the truth you know will set you
free.
Calling
those things that be not as
though they were. I'm free from this
addiction of nicotine,
alcoholism,
pornography, and whatever else you
deal with—drugs, opioids, it
doesn't
matter. All of it's underneath the
blood. All of it's underneath the
authority of the believer. And if you
don't have that Word in your heart, I
don't want to hear you complaining,
saying, 'Well, Brandon, I've
prayed.'It's
not about prayer alone;
you must have the Word inside of you to
remain free in these last days. That
concerns
your finances,
your health,
and
your mental well-being.
Second
Timothy 1:7 says that God has not
given me a spirit of fear, but of power
and of love and of a well-balanced
mind.
I have a balanced mind
because of the Word of God.
So that's why I tell you as a new
believer, we give you these Bibles.
We've given out thousands of Bibles.
Thousands!
And we're so thankful
for every single one of them that we've
given out to all these people
all over the United States. It's
been nuts. And Diana said she
thinks
we'll start trying to do international.
I don't know, but they'll have to pay
these tariffs and duty fees
if they
want it for free. We have to buy the
Bible and do that. So how do we do
that? Because there's so many
people wanting to get Bibles overseas,
but I don't know how much it costs to get
the Bible to them
because
there's so many people asking for it.
And once they get it, they might have to
pay five, six,
or ten dollars,
whatever it is, to get it.
So we're trying to figure all that out.
But we love you and we're so
thankful that you're here tonight. All
48 of you who gave your heart
to Jesus Christ, welcome to the family.
Please like, subscribe, and click the
notification bell.
Stick around and pray with us. We're so
grateful for every single one of you.
I
don't know how many people are still
here right now, but we had
8,000
earlier.
Probably like 6,700—so quite a
few left. We're so thankful that
you're here, all 6,700 of you.
Thank you for being here tonight. We
love you.
I hope this blessed you tonight. I
know it went a little long, but I
didn't want to go another day without
making you all a video.
Please pray for me and my family. We
appreciate your prayers.
There's a lot of things you all
don't know that are going on,
and I'm so thankful for
every single one of your prayers for my
family, for my safety, for my
kids'safety,
and
for my wife's safety.
The devil tries to rear his
head up,
but we know he's defeated. We're not
worried about our safety. We
keep the angels around us, but
I'm a man
and a protector. I
love my family and I'll protect them
with all my heart.
So we're so thankful for every
single one of you that have supported us
and love on us.
Every one of you is such a blessing to
us.
Until next time, I guess
no more on the news.
I don't feel anything else. We
gave the altar call,
a time of worship and praise.
Thank you all. I hope you enjoyed
your Wednesday service.
We're into Thursday now.
And so here we go again. We'll be here
tomorrow,
I believe. I've got to
get filled up with the Word.
Because
even with me, I get low.
And you've got to fill yourself up.
When you start feeling that, you go,
'I've
got to go and eat the
Word.'So
we're so thankful
for every single one of you. Remember,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. God bless you and we'll see
you again. Bye-bye.